Hi friends.
In this video, we are going to discuss about AWPA script simple concepts.
And they are like How to initialize a variable,
how to display a variable value,
and how to execute multiple statements.
Right?
See from our previous videos,
we know what is the AWS AWPA syntax, right?
This is like, this is like a command,
edit wiki command, or instead of writing your logic from begin to end, right?
You can include in some file,
and you can call that script with your AW k
using the AWPA hyphen IAAF option your script to them.
What are the input unit?
Or in general in your AWPA on your command line,
you can also include air WK, I funny,
IF option right inside of your biblical script,
like a shebang line, right?
And in these three formats,
foster two or helpful to include your AWPA command or script initial script.
And this is like separate shell script.
And you can also call this script in this place also no problem.
Right?
So guys, for time being, we are going to see how to work with the Adobe casted.
Then later while going forward,
we will see how to include your Duplicate command or script inside of a shell script.
All right, that's fine.
And already from our previous videos, right?
We already know this concepts.
So from this concept we can say that A10 advocate command or script,
These three portions, right?
These three parts begin action,
actual action, and then end up Chen.
They all like optional.
You can use any one of them.
All of them.
Some of them.
Right?
Fine. Now, first I'm going to discuss about your AWPA script with our required concepts,
like, you know, how to initialize a variable, SC.
Nice as of now, I am going to take only begin action
because if I include actual action and reaction,
I need to provide some input.
So as of now I don't bother about input.
I mean, your file, standard input.
So that's why I'm taking simply a WK, Right?
Begin action, I'm going to mention.
So whenever, if you do begin only beginning if,
in that case you don't need any input.
Right?
Now this is the simple AWPA command with only begin.
So actually how your actual action block and then end action block.
Right?
And as of now you are going to discuss how to initialize
a variable among all these three places, right?
Begin is the best place to initialize your variables.
Of course, you can also initialize here and here.
But this is the best place to initialize your variables
actually begins is called to initialize your variables.
Right? You can also write some logic,
but because it's the best place to initialize your variables, right?
Now, as of now I am going to take only this one, right?
There is no error. That's why you're not getting any error.
I mean, this syntax is valid.
Now let me define some variable called,
let's say a goes to some number five.
That's it.
We've defined our variable in your AWPA command.
Right, then what is our next step?
How to display variable value?
So guys, I'm going to display a variable value,
it including this concept also,
I mean how to execute multiple statements.
See simply if you want to print
any variable or any messages you can use either print or print off.
As of now I am going to use only print,
print TEA. First see the output.
You're going to, you're getting an error.
So whenever, yeah, first thing,
equals to phi is one statement and print DAs one more statement.
That means you are having two statements.
Now, not only in your begin block, right?
You how in our actual block and then blog.
So whenever if you are using multiple statements in your blocks, right?
So multiple statements you want to separate with colon.
That's it.
Now you are able to execute your multiple statements.
Right? Now, the same thing, right?
I want to use a second format.
I mean, like this one,
AWPA, I find f subscript, right?
So in that case what you have to do,
the thing which is there inside of your quotations that you had to write in one file.
Let me write some simple dot-dot-dot WK, Right?
That's it.
Nothing is there.
Begin a cos two phi, then print.
Yay. That's it.
No, you weren't logic. You mentioned inside of your file.
Now how you can execute that logic.
Simply AWPA hyphen if your simple dot a WK, That's it.
So if you want to write some AWPA script, so this,
these guys simply or writing your logic inside of your one file and you
are executing that file with the help of iPhone f option in your advocate comment.
But I don't want to mention this format outside.
This also I want to mention inside of your script.
Yes, you can mention it simply by writing as it's shebang line.
Let me write it. So actually our Arabic is there in bin location.
That's it.
See whatever you're doing on command line that I'm going to write in,
in, inside of your script.
And I'm giving excretion permission. Now let me run this.
What happen?
Unexpected token, let me check it.
You been AW k.
Okay.
I didn't mentioned elementary symbol. Yes.
That's it. Right?
So this here, what we discussed,
how to define your variable and how to display
that variable value on how to execute multiple statements.
So that is why we are writing multiple statements on your command line.
You need separator between two statements has a semicolon.
But whenever you write a script, actually, you know,
need off this semicolon because you are going to separate lines with
the slash n because you're writing a cause to find one line and printing nextLine.
So already use operated.
You don't, you don't need to provide this colon, right?
Let me remove that unexecuted same output.
There is no error even though if you don't mention semicolon, right?
You are getting same output.
So already you are separating these two lines by writing in a separate line.
These two statements, your mentioning in two different lines that were already separated.
But of course here also you can write all statements in single line.
Right?
Now if you write in this way,
you need to provide called Semicolon.
Let me execute it first.
You are going to get an error.
See that?
Why you mentioned two statements in a one single line.
That's why Jati include semicolon.
That's it. Ok.
So whereas here you learn how to define a variable to display
error variable value on how to execute multiple statements.
Right?
So same syntax you had to follow even in your actual block and your end the block.
Okay.
Okay guys, thank you for watching this video.